or the pretty geldo welcome we're going to
make a ponytail with two or three
buns depending on the length of the hair
they are going to take here a small piece of
hair
and here we are going to use elastics
transparent
we put the elastic
and they will take the first bow tie
in the comfortable
they take the second elastic that is the
technique that I showed them in that video
from lady the garage
and they are going to go around twice
and take the other side of the monkey
here they are already the first monkey
here what we are going to do is take a
piece of hair that we have from the
horsetail thin and with the
crooked
we will pass it down
ok is to take a transparent elastic
also and put it pasted here so that
do not notice the piece of hair that
we went behind and stayed fixed we go to
put an elastic with care
then to do two laps
and we're going to upload it as high as
we can
because our bow is already fixed
there now let's take another elastic and
we are going to put it below
here is not staying what was left
of the first bow and this does not work
Now then let's take hair
from one side
and the other
okay
here we take out the first tie
closing one lap
and then they want to take the second
side
this right now we're going to grab
Now let's accommodate
this we will fix here again
we put an elastic to fix the monkey
the dresser
very well that you enjoy it and even the
next goodbye
again